[DIGITAL EFFECT]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, the planet is alive.
It's the gaia theory.
It's a living,
breathing organism.
And sometimes it needs to heal.
Well, we've got the
expert who's going
to tell us just how to do that.
Sarah Adams, a
multi-dimensional coach.
Sarah, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>SARAH ADAMS: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: And when we
talk about the planet,
that it needs to
heal, I've always
thought of it as a living,
breathing organism,
just like we are.
Is that true?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So the planet's an
ancient spirit that
harbors many other spirits.
Some of those spirits come
from other dimensions,
other universes
and other places.
These spirits,
you know, they all
work in a symphony to
let life live upon it.
So the Earth, she's
an ancient spirit.
And some of the mountains
and the ocean, the ocean's
another spirit that
comes from another place,
so that these spirits all
came together to create
this planet that we live on.
>>NOORY: Are all those
spirits good spirits or
are some of them not?
>>ADAMS: All of the
spirits are good spirits.
They're ancient spirits that
came together to create life
and to allow life
to live upon them.
>>NOORY: Now when
you got involved
in doing this, what
happened to you in your life
for you to do what
you're doing now
as a multi-dimensional coach?
>>ADAMS: So I was
born differently.
I have a lot of memories of
the past and of a lot of things
from other dimensions.
>>NOORY: Other lives?
>>ADAMS: Other
lives, yes, and also,
like I said, other
planets, which
I've been very vocal about.
So I have this remembrance,
this knowledge that's within me.
>>NOORY: That, a
lot of people do.
During hypnotherapy,
for example, we kind of
pull out past lives
and things like that.
In your particular
case, you know this
without having to be hypnotized.
How does that happen for you?
>>ADAMS: Well, I have
a sort of contract
that I would come to
Earth and that there
would be this time where
the planet and the elements
were chaotic.
And I would come to
Earth at that time
and I would bring this
message to humanity
of how they have this inner
power, this divine force
within them that they can use
and channel to heal this planet
and heal the Earth.
>>NOORY: Are you an
extraterrestrial, sort of?
>>ADAMS: That's a
very good question.
So I've taken many
different forms
on many different planets in
many different dimensions.
But above that, I am god
force, god source in a body,
and we all are.
We can take any
form that we want.
But above that, we are
the essence of the divine.
>>NOORY: You definitely don't
look like an alien gray.
Thank God, right?
But you could have
been one, right?
>>ADAMS: I can take
any form that I want.
Sometimes I'll take, I
go inter-dimensionally.
And I'll take the form of a
wolf or the form of an eagle.
So I can go in the other
dimensions and take any form.
And if I want to incarnate in
my next lives in those forms,
I can do so, or as an ET.
>>NOORY: Do you howl
during a full moon?
[LAUGHS]
>>ADAMS: No, no.
>>NOORY: Now when we
talk about the planet
and it needs to
heal sometimes, we
have gone through various stages
over the years of this planet
being hurt by mankind.
How do you heal a planet?
Do you do it with mass
consciousness, prayer,
what do you do to do that?
>>ADAMS: So to
heal a planet, you
have to charge it with energy.
You have to fill it with energy.
And just like Reiki, we can
use energy to heal another.
The planet's the same way.
And we have the power to channel
energy through us, very, very
powerful energy.
In ancient times, there would
be this group of priests
and priestesses and they
would direct the inhabitants
of each planet to gather.
And the inhabitants
would then join together
and they would join
in chant or in focus
in their force, this divine
force coming through them.
And they would focus it
to the core of the planet
or they would focus it to
the oceans or to the skies.
And they would use that
energy to heal or to bring up
the frequency of the
planet that they lived on.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at the universe
as a whole for a moment.
In your opinion, has
it always been this way
or is there something else to
it in terms of its complexity?
>>ADAMS: No, it hasn't
been like this always.
From my memories, there, all
the planets were inhabited.
There was inter-dimensional
travel among each planet.
>>NOORY: In our solar system?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So Venus, Mars, Saturn.
Saturn was the original
sun that I remember.
And so there was not
only were they traveling
among the planets,
they were also
traveling inter-dimensionally.
So they would get
out of their bodies
and they would interact with
inter-dimensional beings.
There was this
great civilization
that existed that you might
term as the Garden of Eden.
Lemuria, Atlantis, there were
many different names for this.
And we think that it was just
an island or it was this,
Atlantis was an island.
When actually, it was the
whole interplanetary system
that was connected.
And all the planets were tuned.
We have the ability
to tune each planet.
All the planets were tuned
to higher frequencies.
When they were in
higher frequencies,
the planets were more fertile.
People would live for
hundreds of years.
The inhabitants on
them would not age.
They would be healthy.
There was no
sickness, no disease.
We have fallen from
those frequencies.
We have fallen from that.
So no, that this
entire system, universe
was not like this before.
>>NOORY: Something happened.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Something dramatic
happened, because as you say,
there's no more inhabitants
on Mars or Venus
or Saturn or anything else.
What happened to change that?
>>ADAMS: So from my
memories, I remember
that there was this group
of priests and priestesses
that would travel
from planet to planet.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ADAMS: They would
direct inhabitants,
like I said, to channel energies
and keep the frequencies
of each planet high.
But they would also create new
contracts with new dimensions.
Just like we have astronauts
that we send to space,
they would do exploration of new
dimensions in other dimensions.
And they would open them up.
So we had remote viewers that
would look behind the dimension
and they would
say, OK, we should
open this, a gateway or a
portal to this dimension
and create a treaty
with this new dimension
and the inhabitants,
because they
were very multi-dimensional.
And they opened up the,
they opened up a gate
to a force that got out.
And it's the force
that absorbs energy.
And so when they opened up this
gate, this force came through,
and they could not
master that force.
This group, they were masters.
They could master forces.
They were master geneticists.
>>NOORY: Was it a mistake
to open up the gate?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And so some of the ones
on that planet, this
happened on Mars,
by the way, this
is where we have
the whole, the Ares,
and that the god of war, Mars.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ADAMS: Is because
that's where,
that is where war originated
when this force came through
on that planet.
>>NOORY: I see.
>>ADAMS: So this force came
through, and they could not,
this group of priests
and priestesses
could not master this force.
And it's the force
that absorbs energy.
So it came through
and it started
to absorb the energy from
Mars, from the inhabitants
that made them in chaos.
It literally put everybody
fighting among each other.
>>NOORY: Did they
die off, Sarah?
>>ADAMS: They were ended
up having a nuclear war.
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez.
>>ADAMS: On Mars.
And there's some
remnants of this.
>>NOORY: Something happened.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So this force got out and it
took over some of those priests
and priestesses.
There are many priests
and priestesses
that were clear of this force,
that didn't, have weren't
infiltrated by it,
went to Saturn,
and this force went for Saturn,
which was the original sun.
It absorbed the
energy from Saturn.
The group of priests and
priestesses that remained,
took whatever light
was left and created
our sun we have now
and with it, to keep
the light in this universe,
so that we could eventually
channel it to push this force
back and save our, this planet,
and save all life
in the 3D realms.
>>NOORY: We did seem to luck out
during all of this, because we
did seem to be the beneficiary
of all the tragedy that
happened in the solar system.
>>ADAMS: Well, that's because
Earth was a new planet.
It was a planet that had,
it was, there wasn't life
on this planet.
It wasn't meant to
live on at that time.
It was, they used
it for genetics,
they used it to
create new plant life,
they used it to create
new forms of technology
when it comes to energy.
So it was like on
a computer that you
would have your backup drive.
It was not meant to live on.
So when all of the, when
all the chaos happened
among the planets and this
force went from each planet
to each planet absorbing the
core energy of each planet,
it absorbed the
energy fields, Earth
was the remaining planet with
a very strong shield around it.
And of course, there
were the bodies
that they had
created, because there
was a lot of genetic, a lot of
genetic sort of experimentation
that was going on.
And they all came from the
other planets and onto Earth,
onto this planet, until
they could find a solution
to push this force back.
>>NOORY: I find it remarkable
that Cairo means Mars.
So there's some kind
of tie-in with Egypt.
In our program,
"The Pyramid Code,"
they discuss Egypt's
tie-in to the stars.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>NARRATOR: Why were the
ancients so interested
in the motion of the stars?
Why was cosmology
sacred to the ancients?
Pondering the history
of ancient Egypt,
we typically think of the
mysteries of the pyramids
and the grandeur of the temples.
But where does it all start?
Do we know how long
ago the ancients
began tracking the stars?
Could there be lost worlds
buried beneath the sands?
>>NOORY: Sarah, what is
Egypt's tie-in to this?
>>ADAMS: So Egypt's part
of an ancient system.
And if, you know, there's been
a lot of research into this.
We have the Cydonia.
We have the face on Mars.
And then we have, of course,
the Stonehenge on this planet.
This is part of that ancient
system that is actually
activated via energy.
All the hieroglyphs,
they're like magic sigils.
And when energy's
channeled through there
that activates them.
It's a computer system.
>>NOORY: Just turns
them right on.
>>ADAMS: It's an
energetic computer system.
But it flowed through all of the
different energetic monuments
on this planet.
This is when we had the
inter-dimensional system that
connected all planets.
They would use this system
that channeled energy.
They would use it to regenerate.
They would use it to teleport.
The Stonehenge could teleport
large groups of people
onto other planets.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ADAMS: Into other dimensions.
So it's part of that
ancient system that still
exists on this planet today.
And there's pyramids, temples,
and many other monuments
similar to this on other
planets, and even on moons.
>>NOORY: I was going
to say, is Egypt
representative of other things
throughout the solar system?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Very, very much, it's
part of that system,
that ancient system.
It's the remnants of it.
>>NOORY: A lot of people have
said that the pyramids are
a power plant.
I think it could also be
used for energy and healing.
What do you think?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So what I remember, is that the
pyramids didn't originate here.
They were brought here.
And they can actually
take an energetic form.
You see them solid, but they
can take an energetic form.
And they were put here to
channel energy directly
into the middle of the Earth.
Originally, they were
a temple in a way,
because people
would gather around
and they would direct energy
and they would direct the energy
directly into the
middle of the Earth,
so that they could
tune the planet.
But also.
>>NOORY: But would the
pyramids also direct energy
to the people?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So it would direct energy
to the entire planet,
to all the inhabitants, to
all life on this planet,
and the core of the planet.
But it was also used
for something else.
>>NOORY: What?
>>ADAMS: This is the secret.
See, each planet is, say Venus.
Venus affects our heart chakra.
It's the planet of love.
Saturn affects the,
Saturn casts our reality
that we live in right now.
It also casts this time.
So Saturn projects realities.
So they could gather around
the pyramid and they could.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>ADAMS: Also, were
a perceived energy
to come into the core of the
Earth and charge the planet
and bring the frequency up,
they could also send energy out.
So to create the realities that
they wanted, they would use it.
They would gather around and
they would channel the energy
and they would send
these messages,
like this energy, this light
energy directly to Saturn.
And Saturn, so that
they could, they
can make the realities
that they wanted.
>>NOORY: How did they
know how to do this?
>>ADAMS: So you can,
you can tune planets.
Well, this is ancient knowledge.
This comes from before
the fall of that system,
of the interplanetary system.
Each planet would
be tuned just so
that everything is was in
synchronicity in a symphony.
>>NOORY: And it all functioned.
>>ADAMS: It all
functioned in such
a beautiful glorious symphony.
>>NOORY: And then
something went wrong.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
That portal was opened.
And I want to really say this.
With Saturn, so we have
chaotic timelines right now
on this planet.
And with Saturn, we can
direct our energy to Saturn
to protect the
realities that we want.
So if we want to bring
more heart chakra opening
onto this planet, we
can sit multitudes
and focus on channeling
energy to Venus, which
will reflect back like a
mirror and reflect that back
on the heart chakras
on this planet,
of every person's heart chakra
and open up their heart chakra.
>>NOORY: Do you do
that in meditation?
>>ADAMS: Yes, this
is the work that I've
been working on a lot right.
>>NOORY: How long do you
have to meditate in order
to get into that mode?
>>ADAMS: Me, I sometimes
sit and meditate
for up to eight hours a day.
>>NOORY: Eight hours a day?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ADAMS: Sometimes, yes.
>>NOORY: Without interruption?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Do you go to a certain
room or something like that?
>>ADAMS: There's an
orb right on top there.
I do.
Or sometimes I'll
lay on the ground.
That's another thing.
I'll just lay flat on the ground
and meditate on the ground too.
So I really love it.
>>NOORY: What are
several chakras anyways?
Give us a definition.
>>ADAMS: So a
chakra is an energy.
A chakra is a specific
energy point in the body.
>>NOORY: And they're all
over the body, aren't they?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And each chakra is
aligned to each planet.
And each planet
and each chakra is
aligned to a gland or a
specific part of the body,
of the physical body.
>>NOORY: Is that why
acupuncture sometimes
deals with chakra points too?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Yes, it's about
channeling those energies.
And when those are cleared,
then you can channel in.
On this Earth, we
function at 20%
of who we can truly
function at, of what
we can truly function at.
So we're functioning at this
much of what we can function.
>>NOORY: The chakras within your
body, can they ever be damaged?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
They can be depleted.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>ADAMS: So this is the
problem, is that a lot of people
are depleted energetically.
So since they're
depleted energetically,
they're functioning
at a lower frequency
than they should
be functioning at.
>>NOORY: What planets are
aligned with our own chakra
system?
All of them?
>>ADAMS: Yes, all of them.
And this is why we really need
to get back in touch with this.
And we need to understand
that when we sit there
and we meditate and
we gather together
and we channel energy through
us, we can, like I said,
we can channel it to
a specific planet,
and that will mirror it back
and open up this specific chakra
that we're focusing on.
>>NOORY: After an
eight hour meditation,
how do you feel after that?
>>ADAMS: I always feel
quite good all the time.
>>NOORY: Regenerated?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Not exhausted.
>>ADAMS: No.
Never.
>>NOORY: And how often
do you have to do that?
>>ADAMS: At this point
right now, I've finished,
I've been instructed to
do a lot of inner work,
so that's what I'm focusing on.
>>NOORY: So you do
it, you do this a lot.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: We have a program
called "Open Minds" with Regina
Meredith, and she
interviewed the author,
an intuitive healer, Cyndi
Dale, about different groupings
of chakras.
>>CYNDI DALE: This is
what's cool about chakras.
I mean, they go all the
way down through our body
into the Earth.
They're around us, and
they go on top of us.
The energy centers more
on the top part of us
are more spiritual,
so they're sort of
like what would we like.
The ones in the middle of the
body are more psychological.
So they're like, what
are we ready to receive?
I mean, we can say we
want a relationship.
Have we worked
through the issues?
Have we worked through
our childhood traumas?
Do we really want
somebody living with us?
Which I would say
at this moment,
no, for me, but you sort
of have to be honest.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>DALE: Right
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>DALE: Dogs are OK, not sure
about the rest of it yet.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>DALE: You know?
And then the really physical,
dense energy centers
are kind of in the, hips
area and on the way down.
So if you really want
to receive something,
and we are receiving
something all the time.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>DALE: So what we
want is showing up.
But if we want to kind
of alter the path,
you also have to alter what
messages you're sending out
and what you're
willing to receive
to make a physical
change, to receive
something solid and real,
in those lower chakras.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>DALE: So a lot of times
people do a picture.
But that's up here.
You've gotta feel it.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
>>DALE: Or generate
it in the body also.
>>MEREDITH: Exactly.
And another much maligned word
is, certainly in Buddhism,
is desire.
>>DALE: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: The
reality is, there
is nothing in the universe
that exists without desire.
There was a desired outcome.
>>DALE: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: By
something or someone.
>>DALE: Right.
>>MEREDITH: Right?
>>MEREDITH: And so the use
of desire in the proper way,
to create this ultimate
outcome you'd like to see,
and then the feeling
that desire fuels.
Like, that would feel so good.
I'd be so satisfied with that.
That's what you're
talking about.
>>DALE: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: That's
where it has to.
>>DALE: That's the word.
>>MEREDITH: Feel and
flow through the body.
>>DALE: Yes, because it's full.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>DALE: And so it's going to
be physical, emotional, mental,
you know, all those
things that we
have to return to the basics.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>DALE: It's all those levels.
>>NOORY: Well, she seems
to be into chakras too.
Is she pretty accurate?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
But I, my, it's my knowledge
that society functions
on mostly the lower chakras
without accessing the higher
chakras.
>>NOORY: Now what are lower
chakras as opposed to higher?
You mean in position?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And they're not accessing the
heart chakra and the crown
chakra like they should.
And this is a problem.
This is why we have such a
lack of empathy and compassion
in society, is because of this.
The lower chakras
are, they're very much
connected more to the 3D world
Whereas the higher chakras are
connected to higher
consciousness.
>>NOORY: Spiritual.
>>ADAMS: And, yes, and
to the supernatural.
>>NOORY: When you
concentrate on healing,
do you concentrate
on chakra points?
>>ADAMS: I do, yes.
I concentrate on that
connected to the aura.
And a lot of, as stated, a
lot of people's chakra systems
are depleted.
And because they're
depleted, this
is causing a lot of
emotional trauma,
a lot of physical issues.
And once we heal those,
that has an effect
on their physical bodies
and on their thoughts,
and just their
well-being in general.
>>NOORY: What depletes
those chakras, Sarah?
>>ADAMS: We can lose
energy all the time.
And we do lose
energy all the time,
if we're not watching out.
>>NOORY: Anxiety, depression.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's all
contributes to it?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
Even past, trauma
from past lives.
Trauma in life, having
a stressful job,
having any trauma as a
child, bad relationships,
things like that.
That all depletes our
energy field of our aura
and of our chakra system.
>>NOORY: Can you
tell if a planet
is contributing to your
chakras positive or negative?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
So I believe that there are
specific, as stated, there
are specific planets that are,
well, the planets are aligned
to specific chakras within us.
But I also believe that
right now, everything
is a bit chaotic.
And we are not,
everything is in chaos.
And we need to.
>>NOORY: They're
always in chaos.
>>ADAMS: Yes, but we
need to find some order.
It's time for us
to find some order,
because the elements on this
planet, this planet's energy
field is in chaos.
Humanity's in chaos.
And it's time that we
return to our divine self,
to our inner God, to our inner
Christ, to our inner Savior,
and channel that power, and
channel that to heal and bring
everything into order.
>>NOORY: What happens
if we don't do that?
Or if we can't do that?
>>ADAMS: More chaos.
>>NOORY: Do we get
sicker as people?
What happens?
>>ADAMS: Most of society is
sick on an emotional level,
on a physical level, on many
different levels already.
And there's a nice
little quote code.
And I'm into codes
and symbolism,
and I have a lot of respect
for Jordan Maxwell, by the way.
He does a lot of work on that.
And in the Bible, it talks
about the four horsemen.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
The four horsemen are
the four elements.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
And the four horsemen,
it says in the end days,
actually I like to call them
the days of the wakening
or the time of the
wakening, will be in chaos.
They'll, and the way
to get those four
elements under control, is
to come from the God force
within us.
>>NOORY: Do we do this
to ourselves though?
>>ADAMS: We do.
>>NOORY: We put our own
chaos and we do this.
>>ADAMS: We do.
By not acknowledging our soul,
not acknowledging energy,
we put ourselves in chaos.
>>NOORY: Do we have the
power to change our lives?
>>ADAMS: We have the
power to change our lives
and to heal this planet, and
also to become very, very
powerful.
>>NOORY: How powerful?
>>ADAMS: As powerful
as God itself.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: If it's put
in the right hands.
What if it's put
in the wrong hands?
Can that power be put in the
wrong hands on this planet?
>>ADAMS: The divine would
never allow its power.
It's wise beyond time.
It would never allow its power
to fall into the wrong hands.
We can only achieve
that power within us
once we build ourselves
up to compassion
to ourselves and others.
Through empathy,
through kindness.
We have to pass these
different gateways
to access that power within us.
Once we prove that we
are honorable enough
and that we are, we
deserve that power,
then that power
channels through us.
And when we channel that
force through us, the divine,
whatever you want to label it.
God has been called, you know,
God and religion is not God.
God is a force that
flows through us.
We, you and me are alive
here, because this force
that flows through us.
Whenever we go through
these different tests
and we access that God, we're
allowed to access that God
power and then we can tell
the elements what to do,
we can tell the oceans to heal.
We can tell the skies to
become clear again and heal
of the pollution.
We have power over the
elements, because God
has power over the elements.
We are part of God.
We are God in a physical body.
>>NOORY: What do you
recommend, Sarah, people
do when they wake up,
ready to start their day?
They might not have
time to meditate.
They surely can't do
it for eight hours.
But what do they do to
have to tune themselves up?
>>ADAMS: You know, it
takes a couple of minutes.
You can do a bubble.
Visualize taking out all
your pain, your stress.
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>ADAMS: Your anger.
>>NOORY: Smart.
>>ADAMS: Your negative
emotions, your negative energies
out of your aura, your
organs, your cells.
>>NOORY: Before
you start your day.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I just, I just visualize this.
And quickly, you put
it into that bubble,
visualize that bubble
floating off into the sun,
burning into nothing.
And then I visualize this
golden light coming into me.
Then I visualize each color
of the rainbow pouring
into my organs and into my body.
That right there,
starts to connect you.
And the more and more that
you can connect to your energy
field, the more that it
starts to relay messages back
to you via dreams.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>ADAMS: Via visions, via
synchronicities, via symbolism.
And then you get
this just knowing.
And as you connect
more and more and more,
you step into this
God power within you,
and you understand that
you are one of the,
you are your own Christ, and you
play a big role on this planet.
>>NOORY: Why are some people
more tuned in than others?
Like you, you're probably more
tuned in than somebody else.
How come?
>>ADAMS: You know, a
while ago, you said to me,
you said, are you an
alien, are you this?
And I would say that every
person on this planet
has had lives in
other dimensions.
They have been aliens.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ADAMS: They have been animals.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>ADAMS: They come
from other planets.
>>NOORY: I just don't
want to be a mosquito.
Please tell me I'm
not a mosquito.
>>ADAMS: You're not a mosquito.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>ADAMS: And they
have forgotten this.
When they incarnated in bodies,
they have forgotten this.
I just, I do the work to
bring that energy into myself
and to channel it.
And because I do it, I'm allowed
to have this information.
But anybody on this planet
can access that information.
And that's my
message to humanity.
To say, you are powerful.
You can tune the planets so
that they project realities back
that are positive and healing.
You can tune your elite
leaders and send them
so that they reflect back
empathy and compassion.
We can, humanity has the power.
This is my message.
And as much as
people say, oh, you
can heal, Sarah, you can
do this, I say to them,
you can do as much, if not more.
And that is my message
from the divine.
That they awaken to
that power within them,
and they use that
to heal themselves
and to save this planet.
>>NOORY: Are we winning,
Sarah, this battle?
This battle of self-healing?
>>ADAMS: There is a
great awakening going on.
You know, I think
about five years ago,
people didn't even
eat organic food.
Now there's Whole Foods in.
>>NOORY: And they're
talking about it.
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Stuff like that.
>>ADAMS: So there's an
awakening also to health.
And there's an awakening, I
just noticed on media, there's
such an awakening
going on when it
comes to information like this.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ADAMS: So we are going
through an awakening, which
is a very positive sign.
I can't promise
there won't be chaos.
I feel that, you know, a diamond
is only made under pressure.
And humanity, they're only
going to truly wake up
when things go wrong.
When things are chaotic, when
they no longer, you know,
because they're so busy.
They go to their
everyday lives and they
don't sit there and reflect.
They don't sit there
and tap into themselves.
And this is what
the divine wants.
And it's going, they're going
to have more and more pressure
until they do so.
>>NOORY: We're human
beings, so we're going
to have ups and downs in life.
How do we cope with that in
order to stay in this mode
that you've been talking
about on the program?
>>ADAMS: We become masters
rather than becoming,
rather than being co-pilots.
And most people on this
planet, the majority of people
on this planet are co-pilots.
So when we want.
>>NOORY: I want to be a pilot.
>>ADAMS: When we do exercises
like I said a while ago,
you know, we start to become
in control of our energy field.
And then as we do, that
relays back to us messages,
and we become one with our
soul, one with our energy field,
one with the divine within us.
And then we can cope much
more with everyday life.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in
the power of intention, Sarah?
>>ADAMS: I do.
But you can think something for
days and for hours and forever,
for years, and it's
not going to happen
unless you have the charge
of energy within your body.
So if you just sit there
and think something,
it won't happen.
But if you connect
to that energy field
within you, your
soul, and you think,
then you're connecting the
energy to the thought form,
and you can create it.
>>NOORY: Is that like prayer?
Does prayer work?
[EXHALES]
>>ADAMS: Prayer does work.
I pray, I meditate.
>>NOORY: You hesitated.
How come?
>>ADAMS: Because I
feel that meditation is
much more powerful than prayer.
>>NOORY: Than prayer, really?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
I often pray for the planet.
I get down on my
knees and I sit there
and I pray for the planet.
>>NOORY: When you do, are
you going to a higher source?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ADAMS: I visualize my
heart chakra opening,
and I say listen, to the divine
I say, look at this planet.
They're have, you know,
they're having a hard time
and they're going
through things.
And just help me to channel
out that energy into them
to do what I can to
be a portal of light.
>>NOORY: Is the one as important
and as powerful as the many?
>>ADAMS: What is the one?
>>NOORY: I mean, could we
have, will one Sarah Adams
be able to clean and heal
the planet as opposed
to 1,000 of them?
>>ADAMS: See, this
is for me, this
is something that
somewhat bothers me.
Because I sit here and I
give these messages, right,
I don't want people
to focus on me.
I want them to
focus on themselves
and how powerful they are.
Because everybody
focuses on aliens
and inter-dimensional
beings, which is great.
But at the same time,
these beings, these ETs,
all the hosts of the
heavens and realms
want humanity to waken to
their power and use that power.
>>NOORY: They want
us to succeed?
>>ADAMS: Yes, they do.
And they can't
completely step in.
Because if they stepped in
and they saved this planet,
people would just
expect every time
to be saved rather than
finding their own power.
So they step into a
certain, they step in
on a certain level, but
they're not going entirely
step in and save the planet.
It's for us on this planet
to rise into our power
and to our God selves and
to completely save it.
It's not for them.
>>NOORY: We have been as
a planet, through a lot.
How difficult is it to sometimes
push that aside and concentrate
on the goodness and healing
when you're bombarded
with all this negativity?
>>ADAMS: I have had some
hard times in my life.
And what I did, is rather
than letting those memories
and that energy
control me, I went in
and I cleared those memories.
And I also cleared that energy.
So it doesn't affect
me on any level.
There's a lot of karmic
energy around this planet that
needs to be cleared.
We need to awaken more
to our inner power,
and then channel clearing that
karmic layer off this planet.
As we do, when we
clear those energies,
we won't even think
about those bad times.
I don't think about any
of the bad times I've had.
>>NOORY: You're not
a negative person.
You don't come across as one.
>>ADAMS: No.
I'm very positive, actually.
I think, and I had
a lot of hardship,
but I always think
about the good times.
I never go back to those
negative times whatsoever.
So we can do the same.
We can clear, by
clearing out that energy,
we can clear out that
trauma and we will not
be pulled back to it.
The reason we're pulled back
to negative times in life
or to negative things,
is because there's still
energy there that lingers
that needs to be cleared.
>>NOORY: Do you do final
sessions for people?
>>ADAMS: I do.
I work with people
all around the world.
>>NOORY: Do you do it via phone,
Skype, how does that work?
>>ADAMS: I do it
on Skype, phone,
many different, many
different ways, you might say.
And I'm able to work on
somebody all across the world.
I don't even need to speak
to them on the phone.
So I have clients that
come to me, they're like,
can you work on this
person, and I do so
without even speaking
to them at times.
>>NOORY: What is
your website, Sarah?
>>ADAMS: www.sarahradams.com.
>>NOORY: sarahradams.
>>ADAMS: .com
>>NOORY: .com
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK, you got to
put the R in there, right?
>>ADAMS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Super.
Since you've been doing
this, which has been,
how many years now?
>>ADAMS: I think I've really
delved into it the last
like five years.
>>NOORY: Really poured
yourself into it?
>>ADAMS: To working
with the public, yes.
>>NOORY: Have you noticed
a change with people
or with this planet?
Is it getting better or worse?
>>ADAMS: You know, there's a
change, but words are words.
We need to hold the vibration.
And for me, even sitting here
doing this interview with you
that many people
are going to watch,
and that is not as important
as me holding the vibration,
the frequency within me.
We can all work at
changing this planet
just by holding that frequency
without saying a word.
>>NOORY: Keep us
together, Sarah.
It's a big
responsibility, isn't it?
>>ADAMS: For humanity, it is.
>>NOORY: Will you do it?
>>ADAMS: They have, they
have to find themselves.
>>NOORY: Sarah, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>ADAMS: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Let's heal the planet,
collectively, individually,
but keep doing it.
Because you know what?
It'll pay off in the long run.
I'm George Noory, thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]